docs/contributing/index.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 0
---

# Contributing

## How to Contribute

Contributions of all kinds are welcome!

Please visit our [Community Forums](https://community.bitwarden.com/) for general community
discussion and the development roadmap.

Here is how you can get involved:

- **Request a new feature:** Go to the
  [Feature Requests category](https://community.bitwarden.com/c/feature-requests/) of the Community
  Forums. Please search existing feature requests before making a new one
- **Write code for a new feature:** Make a new post in the
  [Github Contributions category](https://community.bitwarden.com/c/github-contributions/) of the
  Community Forums. Include a description of your proposed contribution, screeshots, and links to
  any relevant feature requests. This helps get feedback from the community and Bitwarden team
  members before you start writing code
- **Report a bug or submit a bugfix:** Use Github issues and pull requests
- **Help other users:** Go to the
  [Ask the Bitwarden Community category](https://community.bitwarden.com/c/support/) on the
  Community Forums
- **Translate:** See the localization (i10n) section below
- **Report a security concern or vulnerability:** Security audits and feedback are welcome. If the
  issue is sensitive, please [contact us privately](https://bitwarden.com/contact) or submit a
  report through our [HackerOne Program](https://hackerone.com/bitwarden/). You can read our
  security policy below.

### Contributor Agreement

Please sign the [Contributor Agreement](https://cla-assistant.io/bitwarden/clients) if you intend on
contributing to any Github repository. Pull requests cannot be accepted and merged unless the author
has signed the Contributor Agreement.

### Pull Request Guidelines

- use `npm run lint` and fix any linting suggestions before submitting a pull request
- commit any pull requests against the `master` branch
- include a link to your Community Forums post

## Localization (l10n)

We use a translation tool called [Crowdin](https://crowdin.com) to help manage our localization
efforts across many different languages.

If you are interested in helping translate the Bitwarden applications into another language (or make
a translation correction), please register an account at Crowdin and join our projects here:

- [https://crowdin.com/project/bitwarden-browser](https://crowdin.com/project/bitwarden-browser)
- [https://crowdin.com/project/bitwarden-desktop](https://crowdin.com/project/bitwarden-desktop)
- [https://crowdin.com/project/bitwarden-mobile](https://crowdin.com/project/bitwarden-mobile)
- [https://crowdin.com/project/bitwarden-web](https://crowdin.com/project/bitwarden-web)

If the language that you are interested in translating is not already listed, create a new account
on Crowdin, join the project, and [contact the project owner](https://crowdin.com/profile/dwbit).

You can read Crowdin's getting started guide for translators here:
[https://support.crowdin.com/crowdin-intro/](https://support.crowdin.com/crowdin-intro/).

## Security policy

Bitwarden believes that working with security researchers across the globe is crucial to keeping our
users safe. If you believe you've found a security issue in our product or service, we encourage you
to please submit a report through our [HackerOne Program](https://hackerone.com/bitwarden/). We
welcome working with you to resolve the issue promptly. Thanks in advance!

### Disclosure Policy

- Let us know as soon as possible upon discovery of a potential security issue, and we'll make every
  effort to quickly resolve the issue.
- Provide us a reasonable amount of time to resolve the issue before any disclosure to the public or
  a third-party. We may publicly disclose the issue before resolving it, if appropriate.
- Make a good faith effort to avoid privacy violations, destruction of data, and interruption or
  degradation of our service. Only interact with accounts you own or with explicit permission of the
  account holder.
- If you would like to encrypt your report, please use the PGP key with long ID
  `0xDE6887086F892325FEC04CC0D847525B6931381F` (available in the public keyserver pool).

While researching, we'd like to ask you to refrain from:

- Denial of service
- Spamming
- Social engineering (including phishing) of Bitwarden staff or contractors
- Any physical attempts against Bitwarden property or data centers

### We want to help you!

If you have something that you feel is close to exploitation, or if you'd like some information
regarding the internal API, or generally have any questions regarding the app that would help in
your efforts, please contact us at <https://bitwarden.com/contact> and ask for that information. As
stated above, Bitwarden wants to help you find issues, and is more than willing to help.

Thank you for helping keep Bitwarden and our users safe!

Commit message:

Add redirect to bitwarden.com/translate
Update the localization section to include a link to the translation landing page on the forums.

docs/contributing/index.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 0
---

# Contributing

## How to Contribute

Contributions of all kinds are welcome!

Please visit our [Community Forums](https://community.bitwarden.com/) for general community
discussion and the development roadmap.

Here is how you can get involved:

- **Request a new feature:** Go to the
  [Feature Requests category](https://community.bitwarden.com/c/feature-requests/) of the Community
  Forums. Please search existing feature requests before making a new one
- **Write code for a new feature:** Make a new post in the
  [Github Contributions category](https://community.bitwarden.com/c/github-contributions/) of the
  Community Forums. Include a description of your proposed contribution, screeshots, and links to
  any relevant feature requests. This helps get feedback from the community and Bitwarden team
  members before you start writing code
- **Report a bug or submit a bugfix:** Use Github issues and pull requests
- **Help other users:** Go to the
  [Ask the Bitwarden Community category](https://community.bitwarden.com/c/support/) on the
  Community Forums
- **Translate:** See the localization (i10n) section below
- **Report a security concern or vulnerability:** Security audits and feedback are welcome. If the
  issue is sensitive, please [contact us privately](https://bitwarden.com/contact) or submit a
  report through our [HackerOne Program](https://hackerone.com/bitwarden/). You can read our
  security policy below.

### Contributor Agreement

Please sign the [Contributor Agreement](https://cla-assistant.io/bitwarden/clients) if you intend on
contributing to any Github repository. Pull requests cannot be accepted and merged unless the author
has signed the Contributor Agreement.

### Pull Request Guidelines

- use `npm run lint` and fix any linting suggestions before submitting a pull request
- commit any pull requests against the `master` branch
- include a link to your Community Forums post

## Localization (l10n)

We use a translation tool called [Crowdin](https://crowdin.com) to help manage our localization
efforts across many different languages.

To get started, visit [bitwarden.com/translate](https://bitwarden.com/translate) to learn about the project, including how to use the localization glossary. 

If you are interested in helping translate the Bitwarden applications into another language (or make
a translation correction), please register an account at Crowdin and join our projects here:

- [https://crowdin.com/project/bitwarden-browser](https://crowdin.com/project/bitwarden-browser)
- [https://crowdin.com/project/bitwarden-desktop](https://crowdin.com/project/bitwarden-desktop)
- [https://crowdin.com/project/bitwarden-mobile](https://crowdin.com/project/bitwarden-mobile)
- [https://crowdin.com/project/bitwarden-web](https://crowdin.com/project/bitwarden-web)

If the language that you are interested in translating is not already listed, create a new account
on Crowdin, join the project, and [contact the project owner](https://crowdin.com/profile/dwbit).

You can read Crowdin's getting started guide for translators here:
[https://support.crowdin.com/crowdin-intro/](https://support.crowdin.com/crowdin-intro/).

## Security policy

Bitwarden believes that working with security researchers across the globe is crucial to keeping our
users safe. If you believe you've found a security issue in our product or service, we encourage you
to please submit a report through our [HackerOne Program](https://hackerone.com/bitwarden/). We
welcome working with you to resolve the issue promptly. Thanks in advance!

### Disclosure Policy

- Let us know as soon as possible upon discovery of a potential security issue, and we'll make every
  effort to quickly resolve the issue.
- Provide us a reasonable amount of time to resolve the issue before any disclosure to the public or
  a third-party. We may publicly disclose the issue before resolving it, if appropriate.
- Make a good faith effort to avoid privacy violations, destruction of data, and interruption or
  degradation of our service. Only interact with accounts you own or with explicit permission of the
  account holder.
- If you would like to encrypt your report, please use the PGP key with long ID
  `0xDE6887086F892325FEC04CC0D847525B6931381F` (available in the public keyserver pool).

While researching, we'd like to ask you to refrain from:

- Denial of service
- Spamming
- Social engineering (including phishing) of Bitwarden staff or contractors
- Any physical attempts against Bitwarden property or data centers

### We want to help you!

If you have something that you feel is close to exploitation, or if you'd like some information
regarding the internal API, or generally have any questions regarding the app that would help in
your efforts, please contact us at <https://bitwarden.com/contact> and ask for that information. As
stated above, Bitwarden wants to help you find issues, and is more than willing to help.

Thank you for helping keep Bitwarden and our users safe!
